Social networks contain enormous information which is still growing rapidly as more and more users join them. Besides, it is a common phenomenon that we usually turn to our family, friends and acquaintances for suggestions when we want to make a decision or a purchase. Also, we tend to affiliate and establish relationships with people who share the same interests with us.
A sentiment analysis challenge begins with the nature of text opinions: opinions are inherently subjective and written in natural language, which is also an ambiguous way of representing knowledge.
Online social media systems like Twitter and Facebook are used as sources of information especially during events related to natural disasters, political turmoil or other such crises. Tweets
As one of the leading platforms of social communications and information dissemination, Twitter has become a major source of information for common Web users.
However, most existing works usually utilize the existence or strength of relationship, which could just verify how users connect to their friends, but cannot explain why they build that relationship.
With the explosion of social media over the past decade, more and more user-generated data is available on the Web for expressing users’ opinions and emotions.
And challenging, because topics of interest for reputation monitoring are usually fine-grained and suffer from data sparsity—unless the client is Apple, Barack Obama or similar.
While the study of this word-of-mouth phenomenon pre-dates the development of computer science, the amount of data made available by the growth of online social networks offers an unprecedented opportunity and has enabled new developments 
An illustration of a movie recommendation problem in a heterogeneous information network can be found in Figure 1.
We modify the initial term scores with additional, linguistically-driven functionalities such as: negation detection (e.g. “good” versus “not good”), capitalization detection (e.g. “bad” versus “BAD”), exclamation and emoticon detection (e.g. “happy!!” or “:-)”) intensifiers (e.g. “liked” versus “liked verymuch”) and diminishers (e.g. “excellent” versus “rather excellent”), to produce the final document scores.
Since in the Web 2.0 users can write about their life, personal experiences, share contents about facts and ideas, Social Networks became valuable sources of opinions and sentiments.
It gave rise to what is currently known as Sentiment Analysis, a set of tasks aiming to detect the subjective attitude of a writer with respect to some topic.
In order to evaluate the relationships between trust and user interest similarity, Ziegler et al. in [20] studied hundreds of users observed in two real world datasets, and concluded that their experimental result shows strong indication towards positive inter- actions between interpersonal trust and user interest similarity in recommender systems.
As mentioned in [10], in a recommender system with “trust” implementation, when a user u likes a review or opinion issued by another user v, user u can add user v to his/her trust list. This process of trust generation is a unilateral action that does not require user v to confirm the relationship. It also indi- cates that user u does not need to even know user v in the real life.

In order to catch the sentiment of tweets, we use the sentiment lexicon AFINN labeled by Nielsen \cite{MohammadKZ2013}, where each word is attached with an integer value between negative five and positive five denoting its sentiment polarity and strength. Based on AFINN, the sentiment score of a tweet is calculated by aggregating the sentiment strengths of all the words in it. For a given user, we compute the average positive-sentiment scores and average negative-sentiment scores to represent two attributes in sentiment- view.
